Update faq-customers.md (#1387)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/external-id/customers/faq-customers.md

### Does External ID have phone authentication via SMS?

> No, as per this [article](concept-multifactor-authentication-customers.md), "Currently, SMS isn't available for first-factor authentication or self-service password reset in external tenants".

Reviewer: @rbrayb thanks for catching - we should clarify that SMS is now supported for second factor auth:

```suggestion
Currently, SMS isn't available for first-factor authentication or self-service password reset in external tenants. However, SMS is now available for second-factor verification in external tenants at additional cost. [Learn more](concept-multifactor-authentication-customers.md#sms-based-authentication)
```
